[Music]
I honestly can't remember why we kept
most of this stuff to begin with we used
to love frying that with mother and
father those days are long behind me
[Music]
my little break
MARY POPPINS who came back you seemed
hardly to have aged at all really
one never discusses a woman's age
Michael would have hoped I taught you
better
[Music]
what brings you here after all this time
same thing that brought me the first
time I've come to look after the bank's
children oh yes you too
we're about to lose our home whoo things
falling to pieces since your mother
famous mother
nothing's gone forever only out of place
it's good thing you come along when you
did Mary Poppins
ha do what
[Music]
so you've been off filling the
children's heads with stuff and nonsense
you forgot what it's like to be a child
[Music]
everything is possible if it be
impossible
[Music]
a frico